Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Unholy Women
Rattle Rattle
Noriko Nakagoshi
Kousuke Toyohara
(Directed and Written by)
Keita Amemiya
Here's fine.
Really?
I thought we'd grab a bite.
You've an early start tomorrow.
I want to drop by the store.
Well... okay.
Wait a second.
Here.
Huh?
- Here.
- What is it?
Work?
Something wrong?
No.
Your wife, right?
"Ex-wife," okay?
Next month, you'll be my wife.
So don't talk like that.
Sorry.
What's your "ex-wife" want?
She's been pestering me
to call lately.
Then go talk to her.
You haven't told her about us.
You're right.
I will.
Open that.
Okay.
That's for helping with
today's exhibit.
Thanks.
Good luck, tomorrow.
I'll root from the office.
Huh?
That's weird.
Ow.
Hi...
Isn't it a little late to be out?
You okay?
Yeah, I'm fine now.
Sorry to worry you.
See a doctor, anyway.
Okay, thanks Miyuki.
Sure. Oh, and congrats
about Akira!
You'd better come to the wedding.
You bet! I plan on giving
a speech, too.
Watch what you say.
Like... how he hid the fact
he was divorced?
Yeah. He did, didn't he?
Anyway, thanks.
I'm all right now.
Good. My bath is cold
but I forgive you.
I'll pass on a bath tonight, too.
Well, good night.
Your bath's ready.
Who's there?
Hello?
Kanako?
Akira!
You at home?
Yes but...
Don't move!
I'll be right over!
It's her.
Who?
My ex!
After I dropped you off...
she suddenly showed up
with a knife.
Are you okay?
Yeah. She grazed me.
Then she ran off.
Akira! Akira!
Somebody! Help!
What the!?
"Out on patrol"
What is that woman?
What do I do?
"Akira"
You've reached voice mail
for Akira Tasaki.
Hello?
Miyuki!
Kanako!
Where are you?
Akira's looking for you!
What?
He says he's at your place.
He keeps calling me because
he can't find you.
Miyuki!
He says he's at your place.
"Home"
Kanako?
Akira!
- I'm at the police...
- (Kanako?)
Kanako? Kanako?
Akira, are you there?
Kanako?
Somebody! Help me!
Please, anyone!
Why?
Help me!
Please help me!
I beg you!
Please!
You again!
What's going on?
Where'd you come from?
Please, tell me!
Look! Up there!
There she is!
Creepy!
She stands there even in rain.
I hear a child fell from there.
Was it her child?
I don't know.
Go ask her.
No way!
I dare you.
Don't tell me...
it was you.
Help!
When I came to,
I was in a hospital.
It wasn't until much later
that I heard about...
the terror I'd been through.
That night, after leaving Akira...
I accidentally got in the way of
a woman's suicide.
The woman died.
I miraculously survived
but in critical condition.
And then...
they told me a part of her body...
had fused with mine
from the impact.
The operation to sever the part
took time.
The woman remains unidentified.
She had no personal effects...
And her head was damaged
beyond recognition.
What had I seen?
A dream emerging from the
woman's hatred?
Akira's ex-wife had been calling
merely to say...
that she, too, was remarrying.
But the hatred I had felt seemed
much more than a mere dream.
Who was that woman?
Why did she jump?
All I can say is I was saved
by that girl.
That girl's mother stood here
every day.
Every day.
Each day, I'd pass by here.
I wonder how she must've felt...
staring down at that spot
each and every day...
as people with oblivious
expressions shuffled past it.
God, don't do that!
You almost gave me a heart attack.
You've heard the rumors, right?
I moved here because
it was cheap but...
apparently the child next door
fell to her death.
After that her mother just stood
there staring, just like you were.
It gave me such chills when I
heard about it.
You a friend of theirs?
No.
But where is the mother?
She ultimately committed
suicide.
What? When?
The superintendent would know
but I hear she...
hung herself at her parents' home.
A year ago... or maybe two.
Hung herself?
Yes. Tragic, huh?
God, I'd like to move.
Wait.
She didn't jump to her death?
Please don't remind me.
Someone did jump from
here recently.
Yuk!
Hung herself?
Then who was that woman?
If the lady who jumped...
was not the child's mom...
who was she?
Are you the girl's mother?
Run away!
Then, who's this?
What are you?
I'm... a... monster!
Unholy Women
Tasuku Emoto
Nahana
Teruyuki Kagawa
Hagane(Steel)
Good morning.
I'll be going.
Wait. Have a drink.
Drink up.
Must be lonely working alone.
I know it's tough.
I appreciate what you're doing.
Let's drink to it.
What?
To you... To all your
hard work.
No... I mean, why?
Why not?
Well, I'm under-aged.
Don't be like that.
You're such a bore.
Fine... go home.
Hey, I'm sorry.
You mad?
No.
You just surprised me.
You're so serious.
You seemed offended.
You got any time tomorrow?
What?
This is my sister.
Would you mind taking her out?
What?
Why not?
She's cute, isn't she?
Take her somewhere.
Use this customer's car.
You wanna drive it, don't you?
Our address.
See you in the morning.
Come on. Live a little.
Not interested?
I am but...
are you sure want me for this?
Tomorrow morning.
Hello?
She likes to sew.
Girls like that stuff.
That's our mom...
died giving birth to her.
So I raised her myself...
my little sister Hagane.
You don't want to hear this.
Hagane, go get ready.
Why is it that women
take so long...
getting ready to go out?
All right.
She's all yours.
Um... boss?
This photo...
Yeah?
I mean...
who is she?
My sister.
Yes but... um...
Listen to me, Sekiguchi.
I'm putting my trust in you.
Got it?
If anything happens to her...
I'll kill ya.
Come on, I'm only kidding.
Ouch!
Oh, no... you serious?
Damn it.
You all right?
Pardon me for asking but...
why do you?
I mean, that bag...
No, wait. I'm sorry!
Forgive me.
I'm not a good talker.
Please.
Wait!
Are you okay?
All I have are garbage bags
and my underwear but...
You'll catch a cold.
That... hurts.
"More"
Can I...
untie this string?
Stop!
I'm sorry!
Hagane?
Hi, it's Takahashi.
Thanks for today.
How're you doing?
I'm amazed.
Hagane took a real
liking to you.
Maybe someday soon you'll
be calling me "big brother."
But all joking aside...
I hope we can do this again.
Well... bye.
If we don't wash every
little nook and cranny...
dirt will build up, right?
We don't want that.
See that? See all that mud?
Phew, that reeks! We don't
want to scare him off.
What?
You like him that much, huh?
Hagane, stop that.
Cut it out.
I said, stop!
You freak.
Sekiguchi?
"I've returned the car.
I'm sorry."
"More"
No.
Leave me alone.
Sekiguchi, you in?
Please, open up.
Sekiguchi.
Ow... I'm stuck.
You're the only one
I can count on.
I'll wait for you.
Come back to work, okay?
I'll drop by later.
I'm sorry.
Forgive me.
Please...
I don't wanna die.
Are you crying?
I'm sorry.
Ow! Ah!
Ouch!
"Help Wanted"
(Original Story)
Naoki Yamamoto
(Directed by)
Takuji Suzuki
Unholy Women
Sleep my child
Rock yourself to slumber
Rocking rocking
There's a good child
Go to sleep
Let go your tether
Now where have you gone?
The Inheritance
Maki Meguro
Kenta Suga
Shunsuke Matsuoka
Tokie Hidari
(Supervised by)
Takashi Shimizu
(Directed and Written by)
Keisuke Toyoshima
Michio, it'll be dark soon.
Come on.
Let's take a taxi, mom.
There aren't any.
Look, a taxi!
Gotcha.
I used to play here
when I was a girl.
Plus, I've friends.
I'm sure I can find
some work here.
It's a good environment
for Michio.
You chose to divorce.
You broke up your family.
How's that good for him?
And you're not well.
Take Michio.
Hurry back to Tokyo!
It's not like I wanted to
come back here.
Michio?
Did you get lost?
Who's that?
My older brother, Masahiko.
Your uncle.
Can a child be an uncle?
Masahiko... disappeared
when he was seven.
You mean died?
No, he went missing.
He might still be alive.
He is.
What?
I just saw him.
You're silly.
Don't say that to grandma.
Hey, Saeko!
Welcome back.
It's me... Kajibo.
Kaji?
Didn't you hear?
I'm a social worker.
Come here.
Come.
Candy!
Aren't you cute!
Who's this?
That's me... your grandma.
Will mom get like you, too?
Happy to see your grandson?
You can't live in the dark like this.
Let some light in.
It'll happen again.
Michio?
Stop fooling around.
Mom, you're smoking.
Hurry or you'll be late
for school.
Mom?
I remembered something...
about Masahiko's disappearance.
You were in the shed.
I got up in the middle of night...
and saw him go inside it.
I won't have you...
talking nonsense.
Mom?
You saw "it", didn't you?
Watch your step now.
Here, you're home.
Thanks. I'll be fine.
Michio, take over for me.
Hi, Mom.
Michio.
What?
You sleep here alone tonight.
Mom, toilet!
Mom?
Mom!
Mom, toilet!
Sleep my child
There's a good child
Go to sleep
Let go your tether
Now where have you gone?
How's school?
Was it Yoji?
The friend you made.
Invite him over.
Mom?
Yes?
Are you a "loony?"
Now who said that?
Yoji.
He called us a "house of loonies."
Grandma's a "loony," too.
That's very mean.
Of course we're not.
What were you doing
in the shed?
The shed?
I wasn't there.
- What did you see?
- Michio!
Why are lying, Mom?
Hey, Michio.
Need a lift home?
What've you got there?
- Let me see.
- No!
Come on.
What?
Let me see.
A kid at school?
Then who?
Mom.
She wouldn't do that.
Hello? Koichi-san?
It's me, Saeko's mother.
Come take Michio away from here.
Right away!
If you don't hurry, it'll be too late.
Please!
Mother?
I'm not letting Michio go.
I was so worried about you.
Saeko...
his neck.
Do you think I would
do this to my son?
Michio,
did I do this to you?
Answer me, Michio.
I did it.
I did it to myself.
Wait.
Michio...
it's a terrible thing to lie.
Apologize to Kaji-san.
I'm sorry.
I'll take it from here.
Thank you.
Mom?
Yes, dear?
Can I sleep with you tonight?
No.
No!
Let me out!
Let me out, Mom!
Mom!
Let me out!
"Police baffled by boy's disappearance"
"Empty casket funeral held"
"He's been spirited away?"
Michio, you must escape!
No.
If you don't, your mother...
your mother will...
Mom!
Your mother will kill you.
Your mom...
understands your grandma now.
She wanted to be with
her son forever.
Michio.
Let's stay together.
Come.
Michio.
Michio...
I'm sorry.
Mom...
Good morning.
(Presented by)
Micott & Basara, King Records,
IMAGICA, Toei Channel, Office Shirous
2006 Unholy Women Film Partners
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org